9.4 Retirement Claims Procedures To the extent that a Participant’s claim relates to a determination with respect to his Accounts, other than a Disability determination, the Committee will provide the Participant with notice of the status of his claim for retirement benefits within a reasonable period of time after a complete claim has been filed, but no later than 90 days after receipt of the Participant’s benefit claim. The Committee may request an additional 90 day extension if special circumstances warrant by notifying the Participant of the extension before the expiration of the initial 90 day period. If the Participant has not submitted sufficient information to the Committee to process the Participant’s retirement benefit claim, the Participant will be notified of the incomplete claim and given 90 days to submit additional information. This will extend the time in which the Committee has to respond to the Participant’s claim from the date the notice of insufficient information is sent to the Participant until the date the Participant responds to the request. If the Participant does not submit the missing information to the Committee within 90 days of the date of the request, the claim will be denied. If the Participant’s benefit claim is denied, the Participant will receive a notice which will include: (i) the specific reasons for the denial, (ii) reference to the specific Plan provisions upon which the decision is based, (iii) a description of any additional information the Participant might be required to provide with an explanation of why it is needed, (iv) an explanation of the Plan’s claims review and appeal procedures, and (v) a statement regarding the Participant’s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following a denial on appeal. The Participant may appeal a denial of a retirement benefit claim by filing a written request with the Committee within 60 days of receipt of the initial denial notice. In connection with the appeal, the Participant may request that
the Committee provide, free of charge, copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim. The Participant may also submit written comments, records, documents, and other information relevant to the appeal, whether or not such documents were submitted in connection with the initial claim. The Committee will conduct a full and fair review of the documents and evidence submitted and will ordinarily render a decision on the Participant’s benefit claim no later than 60 days after receipt of the request for review on appeal. If there are special circumstances, the decision will be made as soon as possible, but not later than 120 days after receipt of the request for review on appeal. If such an extension of time is needed, the Participant will be notified in writing prior to the end of the first 60 day period. The Committee’s final written decision will set forth: (i) the specific reasons for the decision, (ii) references to the specific Plan provisions on which the decision is based, (iii) a statement that the Participant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant to the benefit claim due to Disability, and (iv) a statement regarding the Participant’s right to bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following a denial on appeal. 9.5 Disability Claims Procedures To the extent that a Participant’s claim relates to a Disability determination with respect to his Accounts, the Committee will provide the Participant with notice of the status of his claim for Disability benefits within a reasonable period of time after a complete claim has -23-