SECTION 7 Timing and Form of Payment 7.1 Participant’s Grandfathered Accounts A Participant may elect the timing and form of payment for the Participant’s Grandfathered Accounts by completing a benefit election form prescribed by the Committee. A Participant may elect to receive the Participant’s Grandfathered Accounts as of: (i) the Participant’s termination of employment, or (ii) a specified date elected by the Participant. If a Participant terminates service from all Employers and their Affiliates prior to retirement, the Participant will receive a distribution of the Participant’s Grandfathered Account in a lump sum. If a Participant requests a distribution prior to service termination, or if a Participant terminates service due to retirement or Disability, a Participant’s Grandfathered Account may be distributed in: (i) a lump sum, or (ii) substantially equal annual installments payable at the Participant’s election over a one-year to ten-year period specified by the Participant. The benefit election form will be valid as to all amounts in a Participant’s Grandfathered Accounts unless the Participant alters the Participant’s benefit election form, provided that a Participant must submit a revised benefit election form at least 12 months prior to a distribution. If a Participant fails to make a selection among the available forms of payment, the Participant shall receive payment in a lump sum. The Committee shall determine if a Participant’s termination is due to retirement or Disability. 7.2 Employee Contributions in 409A Accounts Prior to the allocation of Employee Contributions to the Participant’s 409A Accounts, a Participant must elect the timing and form of payment for such Employee Contributions from the Participant’s 409A Accounts by completing a distribution election form in accordance with procedures prescribed by the Committee (the “Initial Election”). Beginning with contributions for 2007, a Participant shall make a separate distribution election for
each year of Employee Contributions. A Participant may elect that the Employee Contributions in the Participant’s 409A Accounts be distributed upon the earlier of: (i) the first day of the seventh month following the Participant’s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations, notices and other guidance thereunder, including death) from the Employer, or (ii) a specific date elected by the Participant. The Employee Contributions in a Participant’s 409A Accounts may be distributed in: (i) a lump sum, or (ii) substantially equal annual installments payable at the Participant’s election over a two-year to ten-year period specified by the Participant. For purposes of the Plan, a series of installment payments shall be -16-