Table of Contents
In Delaware, 3M, is defending one putative class action brought by individuals alleging PFAS contamination of their water supply resulting from the operations of local metal
plating facilities. Plaintiffs allege that 3M supplied PFAS to the metal plating facilities. DuPont, Chemours, and the metal platers have also been named as defendants. This case
was removed to federal court, and in September 2022, the court dismissed all but plaintiffs’ negligence claim. Plaintiffs have filed a third amended complaint which 3M moved
to dismiss in December 2022. This motion has been fully briefed and is pending the court decision.
In New Jersey, 3M is a defendant in an action brought in federal court by Middlesex Water Company, a publicly traded water utility serving customers in and around certain
portions of Middlesex County, New Jersey, which alleges PFAS contamination of its water system. The Court denied 3M’s motion for summary judgment in October 2022 and
a trial date has been set for October 2, 2023. The parties are exploring potential resolution in advance of trial. In September 2020, 3M was named a defendant in a similar
lawsuit brought by the Borough of Hopatcong. In January 2021, 3M was named a defendant in another similar lawsuit brought by the Pequannock Township. Fact discovery
has closed in both the Hopatcong and Pequannock matters, and expert discovery is scheduled to commence in June 2023 (Hopatcong) and July 2023 (Pequannock).
3M, together with several co-defendants, is also defending 27 cases in New Jersey federal court brought by individuals with private drinking water wells near certain DuPont
and Solvay facilities that were allegedly supplied with PFAS by 3M. These cases have all been coordinated for discovery, which is ongoing. 3M has agreed to settle with the
plaintiffs in ten cases that sought property damages, subject in certain cases to court approval, and 3M’s share is not considered material. Plaintiffs in the 17 remaining
individual cases in federal court allege personal injuries to themselves or their disabled adult children. In July 2022, plaintiffs sought leave to amend their complaints in the first
five cases to add claims concerning seven non-PFAS chemistries as against defendants other than 3M, which motion was denied by the court. Nine of the remaining personal
injury cases were filed in state court and removed to federal court. Plaintiffs are currently seeking remand in four of these cases. In December 2022, an additional personal
injury case was filed in New Jersey State court.
3M and Middlesex Water Company are also defending a putative class action filed in New Jersey federal court in November 2021 by individuals who received drinking water
from Middlesex Water Company that was allegedly contaminated with PFAS. The court denied 3M’s motion to dismiss, and the case is proceeding through discovery. In May
2022, Middlesex Water Company filed a third-party complaint against the Company in New Jersey state court in a putative class action of the state residents who are customers
of the water company, seeking indemnity from the Company. After Middlesex Water Company removed the case to federal court in July 2022, plaintiffs filed a motion to
remand the case to state court. The federal court remanded the case back to state court in April 2023 and 3M has since answered the third-party complaint. In March 2023, a
personal injury lawsuit was filed against 3M by another Middlesex Water Company customer. In May 2023, 3M filed a motion to dismiss certain of the claims in that lawsuit.
In South Carolina, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in South Carolina state court against 3M, DuPont and DuPont related entities in March 2022. The lawsuit alleges
property damage and personal injuries from contamination from PFAS compounds used and disposed of at the textile plant known as the Galey & Lord plant from 1966 until
2016. The complaint seeks remedies including damages, punitive damages, and medical monitoring. The case has been removed to federal court. Plaintiff filed a second
amended complaint in December 2022, which 3M has moved to dismiss.
In Massachusetts, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in August 2022 in state court against 3M and several other defendants alleging PFAS contamination from waste
generated by local paper manufacturing facilities. The lawsuit alleges property damage and also seeks medical monitoring on behalf of plaintiffs within the Town of
Westminster. This case was removed to federal court. In February 2023, the federal court consolidated this action with a previously-filed federal case involving similar
allegations and claims against 3M’s co-defendants. Thereafter, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint asserting claims against 3M. 3M filed a motion to dismiss the
second amended complaint in March 2023.
In Maine, a group of landowners filed a second amended complaint in October 2022 in federal district court, adding 3M and several other alleged chemical suppliers as
defendants in a case previously filed against several paper mills, alleging PFAS contamination from waste generated by the paper mills. The lawsuit seeks to recover for alleged
property damage. In March 2023, plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint limiting the scope of their claims to allegations pertaining to one paper mill and three defendants
that allegedly supplied PFAS-containing products to that mill, including 3M. 3M has moved to dismiss this case.
43