program, which amount is currently 6.2% of the Eligible Employee's Compensation. For purposes of items (b) and (c), the Participant shall be deemed to have made the maximum employee contribution under the Savings Plan, and have received the maximum matching contribution available under the Savings Plan based upon such deemed employee contribution, regardless of the Participant’s actual contribution rate. -11-

SECTION 5 Accounting and Vesting 5.1 Vesting Except as provided in subsection 5.2, a Participant will fully vest in his Plan Accounts as follows: (a) A Participant will be fully vested at all times in the Participant’s own Employee Contributions held in the Participant’s Accounts. (b) A Participant will fully vest in his Employer Special Contributions in his Accounts upon completion of five years of service (as defined under the Pension Plan). (c) A Participant will fully vest in his Employer 10% Target Contributions in his Accounts as follows: Years of Vested Service Percentage Less than 1 0% 1 20% 2 40% 3 60% 4 80% 5 or more 100% Years of service used to determine vesting in Employer 10% Target Contributions is defined under the Savings Plan. (d) A Participant will fully vest in his Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions and Employer Make-Up Pension Contributions upon the later of: (i) the Participant’s attainment of age 55, or (ii) the Participant’s completion of 5 years of service (as defined under the Pension Plan). In addition, all of a Participant’s Employer Contributions will fully vest upon the Participant’s death or Disability while actively employed by an Employer. Even if fully vested, a Participant will not receive the entire amount of Employer Make-up Pension Contributions deemed necessary to make up the Participant’s Pension Plan benefit if the Participant terminates employment prior to age 60. A Participant who terminates employment other than by reason of death or Disability prior to vesting in his Employer Contributions shall forfeit 100% of his Employer Contributions. -12-