Table of Contents
The increase in cash and cash equivalents from July 30, 2022, was primarily due to positive cash flows from operations, primarily driven by earnings and the 
timing and volume of inventory purchases and payments, partially offset by capital expenditures, dividend payments and share repurchases. 
Cash Flows
Cash flows were as follows ($ in millions):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
  
Six Months Ended
  
    
  
July 29, 2023
 
July 30, 2022
Total cash provided by (used in):
  
    
    
    
 
Operating activities
  
    
  $
 181   $
 (709) 
Investing activities
  
    
   
 (381)   
 (484) 
Financing activities
  
    
   
 (560)   
 (861) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
   
 (2)   
 1  
Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
    
  $
 (762)  $
 (2,053) 
Operating Activities
The increase in cash provided by operating activities in the first six months of fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by the timing and volume of inventory purchases 
and payments, and lower incentive compensation payments in the current year as a result of less favorable fiscal 2023 results. These impacts were partially 
offset by higher tax payments in the current year, a decrease in deferred revenue and lower earnings in the current-year period.
Investing Activities
Cash used in investing activities in the first six months of fiscal 2024 decreased, primarily driven by lower capital spending for initiatives to support our business 
and a decrease in purchases of investments. We currently expect capital expenditures to approximate $850 million in fiscal 2024.
Financing Activities
The decrease in cash used in financing activities in the first six months of fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by lower share repurchases.
Sources of Liquidity
Funds generated by operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, our credit facilities and other debt arrangements are our most significant sources of 
liquidity. We believe our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to fund operations and anticipated capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and strategic 
initiatives, including business combinations. However, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to limit our spending. There can be no 
assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our existing credit 
facilities or obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms.
On April 12, 2023, we entered into a $1.25 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the “Five-Year Facility Agreement”) with a 
syndicate of banks. The Five-Year Facility Agreement replaced the previous $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Previous Facility”) with a 
syndicate of banks, which was entered into in May 2021 and scheduled to expire in May 2026, but was terminated on April 12, 2023. The Five-Year Facility 
Agreement permits borrowings of up to $1.25 billion and expires in April 2028. There were no borrowings outstanding under the Five-Year Facility Agreement as 
of July 29, 2023, or the Previous Facility as of January 28, 2023, or July 30, 2022.
Our credit ratings and outlook as of August 30, 2023, remained unchanged from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
January 28, 2023, and are summarized below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rating Agency
  
 
 
Rating
 
Outlook
Standard & Poor's
 
 
 
 
 
BBB+
 
 
 
Stable
 
Moody's
 
 
 
 
A3
 
Stable
Credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically, and, therefore, the credit rating assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. 
Factors that can affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the economic environment, conditions in the retail and consumer 
electronics industries, our financial position and changes in our business strategy. If changes in our credit ratings were to occur, they could impact, among other 
things, interest costs for certain of our credit facilities, our future borrowing costs, access to capital markets, vendor financing terms and future new-store leasing 
costs.
21