SECTION 4 Contributions 4.1 Long-Term Incentive Plan Contributions Prior to January 1, 2005, the Employers maintained the Amcor PET Packaging USA, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”). An Eligible Employee who received long-term incentive awards from the LTIP may have elected to defer all or a portion of such awards into the Plan on or after the Plan’s Original Effective Date. An Eligible Employee also may have elected to defer into the Plan, by September 30, 2000, a stock appreciation rights payment from the LTIP received as a result of a change in control. Any such long-term incentive or stock appreciation rights contributions are part of a Participant’s Grandfathered Account. 4.2 Salary Deferral Contributions The Plan permits Salary Deferral Contributions of between 1% and 50% of an Eligible Employee’s Compensation. A newly designated Eligible Employee who is selected as eligible to make Employee Contributions to the Plan may elect to make Salary Deferral Contributions by making an election in accordance with the Committee’s procedures within 30 days of such eligibility, which election shall be effective on a prospective basis beginning with the payroll period that occurs as soon as administratively feasible following completion of the election. All other Eligible Employees may elect Salary Deferral Contributions by making an election in accordance with the Committee’s procedures by the December 15th prior to the beginning of a Plan Year, which election shall be effective beginning the following January 1. All elections are effective for one Plan Year and are irrevocable for a Plan Year once made. However, if a Participant receives a hardship distribution under the Savings Plan, such Participant’s Salary Deferral Contribution election shall automatically be cancelled for the remainder of the calendar year in which the hardship distribution is received. Such Participant’s Salary Deferral Contributions shall be suspended
automatically for a period of six months following receipt of the hardship distribution and such Participant may not resume making Salary Deferral Contributions until the January 1 following the expiration of the six-month suspension period. 4.3 Bonus Contributions The Plan permits Bonus Contributions of between 1% and 100% of an Eligible Employee’s bonus paid from an Employer’s U.S. payroll. A newly designated Eligible Employee who is selected as eligible to make Employee Contributions to the Plan may elect to make Bonus Contributions by making an election in accordance with the Committee’s procedures within 30 days of such eligibility, which election shall be effective on a prospective basis beginning with the payroll period that occurs as soon as administratively feasible following completion of the election. All other Eligible Employees may elect Bonus Contributions by making an election in accordance with the Committee’s procedures by December 15th, which election shall be effective for bonuses earned during any Employer’s fiscal year that ends after such date, provided that such election is made no later than six months prior to the end of the service period to which it relates. If an Eligible Employee is -8-