Table of Contents
BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
We consider a combination of factors when evaluating the composition of our reportable operating segments, including the results reviewed by the chief
operating decision maker, economic characteristics, products and services offered, classes of customers, product distribution channels, geographic
considerations (primarily United States versus outside the United States) and regulatory considerations. Refer to Note 24 to the “Consolidated Financial
Statements” and Part I, Item 1. “Business” for additional discussion of products and services that comprise each segment.
Effective for the third quarter of 2022, we realigned our reportable segments to reflect organizational changes announced during the second quarter of 2022.
Prior periods presented herein have been recast to conform to the new reportable operating segments, which are: USCS, CS, ICS and GMNS, with corporate
functions and certain other businesses and operations included in Corporate & Other. Refer to Note 24 to the “Consolidated Financial Statements” for
additional information.
Results of the reportable operating segments generally treat each segment as a stand-alone business. The management reporting process that derives these
results allocates revenue and expense using various methodologies as described below.
TOTAL REVENUES NET OF INTEREST EXPENSE
We allocate discount revenue and certain other revenues among segments using a transfer pricing methodology. Within the USCS, CS and ICS segments,
discount revenue generally reflects the issuer component of the overall discount revenue generated by each segment’s Card Members; within the GMNS
segment, discount revenue generally reflects the network and acquirer component of the overall discount revenue being allocated.
Net card fees, processed revenue and certain other revenues are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported.
Interest and fees on loans and certain investment income is directly attributable to the segment in which it is reported. Interest expense represents an allocated
funding cost based on a combination of segment funding requirements and internal funding rates.
PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LOSSES
The provisions for credit losses are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported.
EXPENSES
Card Member rewards and Card Member services expenses are included in each segment based on the actual expenses incurred. Business development and
Marketing expenses are included in each segment based on the actual expenses incurred. Global brand advertising is primarily allocated to the segments based
on the relative levels of revenue.
Salaries and employee benefits and other expenses reflect both costs incurred directly within each segment, as well as allocated expenses. The allocated
expenses include service costs, which primarily reflect salaries and benefits associated with our technology and customer servicing groups, and overhead
expenses. Service costs are allocated based on activities directly attributable to the segment, and overhead expenses are allocated based on the relative levels of
revenue and Card Member loans and receivables.
50