Table of Contents
In New Jersey, 3M is a defendant in an action brought in federal court by Middlesex Water Company, alleging PFAS contamination of its water wells. The Court denied 3M’s
motion for summary judgment in October 2022 and has set a pre-trial conference for March 2023. A trial date has been set for October 2023. In September 2020, 3M was
named a defendant in a similar lawsuit brought by the Borough of Hopatcong. In January 2021, 3M was named a defendant in another similar lawsuit brought by the
Pequannock Township. Fact discovery has closed in both the Hopatcong and Pequannock matters, and expert discovery is set to commence in February 2023 (Hopatcong) and
March 2023 (Pequannock). 3M, together with several co-defendants, is also defending 27 cases in New Jersey federal court brought by individuals with private drinking water
wells near certain DuPont and Solvay facilities that were allegedly supplied with PFAS by 3M. These cases have all been coordinated for discovery, which is ongoing. Plaintiffs
in ten of these cases seek medical monitoring and property damages. Plaintiffs in the 16 remaining individual cases in federal court allege personal injuries to themselves or their
disabled adult children. In July 2022, Plaintiffs sought leave to amend their complaints in the first five cases to add claims concerning seven non-PFAS chemistries as against
defendants other than 3M. Nine of the remaining personal injury cases were filed in state court and removed to federal court. Plaintiffs are currently seeking remand in four of
these cases. In three of these cases, Plaintiffs also assert claims against Clemente Property and the Covanta Waste Disposal Facility. In December 2022, an additional personal
injury case was filed in New Jersey State court. 3M and Middlesex Water Company are also defending a putative class action filed in New Jersey federal court in November
2021 by individuals who received drinking water from Middlesex Water Company that was allegedly contaminated with PFAS. The court denied 3M’s motion to dismiss, and
the case is proceeding through discovery. In May 2022, Middlesex Water Company filed a third-party complaint against the Company in New Jersey state court in a putative
class action of the state residents who are customers of the water company, seeking indemnity from the Company. After Middlesex Water Company removed the case to federal
court in July 2022, plaintiffs filed a motion to remand the case to state court. The federal court stayed 3M’s deadline to respond to the third-party complaint until after the motion
to remand is decided. Finally, in June 2022, a personal injury lawsuit was filed against 3M by a Middlesex Water Company customer. The plaintiff voluntarily dismissed his
complaint without prejudice and later re-filed in the MDL.
In South Carolina, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in South Carolina state court against 3M, DuPont and DuPont related entities in March 2022. The lawsuit alleges
property damage and personal injuries from contamination from PFAS compounds used and disposed of at the textile plant known as the Galey & Lord plant from 1966 until
2016. The complaint seeks remedies including damages, punitive damages, and medical monitoring. The case has been removed to federal court. Plaintiff recently filed a second
amended complaint.
In Massachusetts, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in August 2022 in state court against 3M and several other defendants alleging PFAS contamination from waste
generated by local paper manufacturing facilities. The lawsuit alleges property damage and also seeks medical monitoring on behalf of plaintiffs within the Town of
Westminster. This case was removed to federal court. 3M anticipates responding to the complaint in the first quarter of 2023.
In Maine, a group of landowners filed a second amended complaint in October 2022 in federal district court, adding 3M and several other alleged chemical suppliers as
defendants in a case previously filed against several paper mills, alleging PFAS contamination from waste generated by the paper mills. The lawsuit seeks to recover for alleged
property damage.
In October 2018, 3M and other defendants, including DuPont and Chemours, were named in a putative class action in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio
brought by the named plaintiff, a firefighter allegedly exposed to PFAS chemicals through his use of firefighting foam, purporting to represent a putative class of all U.S.
individuals with detectable levels of PFAS in their blood. The plaintiff brings claims for negligence, battery, and conspiracy and seeks injunctive relief, including an order
“establishing an independent panel of scientists” to evaluate PFAS. In March 2022, the court certified a class of "[i]ndividuals subject to the laws of Ohio, who have 0.05 [ppt]
of PFOA (C-8) and at least 0.05 ppt of any other PFAS in their blood serum." The judge ordered additional briefing to permit defendants to narrow the proposed nationwide
class by “show[ing] what states do not recognize the type of claim for relief filed by” the plaintiff. In September 2022, the Sixth Circuit granted the defendants’ request to
appeal the district court’s class certification order. Defendants’ appeal is scheduled to be fully briefed by April 2023.
Other PFAS-related Matters
In July 2019, the Company received a written request from the Subcommittee on Environment of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, U.S. House of Representatives,
seeking certain documents and information relating to the Company’s manufacturing and distribution of PFAS products. In September 2019, a 3M representative testified
before and responded to questions from the Subcommittee on Environment with respect to PFAS and the Company’s environmental stewardship initiatives. The Company
continues to cooperate with the Subcommittee.
The Company continues to make progress in its work, under the supervision of state regulators, to remediate historic disposal of PFAS-containing waste associated with
manufacturing operations at its Decatur, Alabama; Cottage Grove, Minnesota; and Cordova, Illinois plants.
108