American Water - Confidential Ms. Hardwick February 2, 2022 Page 2 In addition, as CEO and President, your equity awards will include specific post-retirement continued vesting provisions applicable to that position. Under these provisions, equity awards granted to you in this role will continue to vest over the normal vesting schedule of the award following your separation of service based upon either normal retirement, as follows: • in the event of a normal retirement, defined as having attained age 60 and five years of service, an award will continue to vest in full; and • in the event of an early retirement, defined as having attained age 55 and five years of service, 75 percent of each award will continue to vest. Interim CEO compensation: In recognition and appreciation of your role as interim CEO from December 3, 2021 to January 31, 2022, you will receive a one time lump sum cash payment of $100,000, subject to applicable withholdings, which will be paid to you in the next pay period. Executive Severance Policy and Change of Control Severance Policy: You will be entitled to the benefits and subject to the terms of the Company's executive severance policy and Change of Control Severance Policy, which provide severance benefits to executives whose employment is terminated under specified circumstances by American Water for reasons other than cause. Benefits: You will continue to be eligible to participate in American Water’s comprehensive benefits program for you and your eligible dependents. 401(k) Savings Plan: You will continue to be eligible to participate in the 401(k) Savings Plan. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation: You will continue to be eligible to participate in our Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The Company may make Employer Matching and Defined Contribution Account contributions as soon as administratively practicable after the end of the applicable plan year. Vacation/Holidays: You are entitled to five (5) weeks of vacation, six (6) floating holidays and eight (8) fixed holidays per calendar year which must be used in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.

American Water - Confidential Ms. Hardwick February 2, 2022 Page 3 Susan, we look forward to working with you as CEO and President as you continue to execute on our strategy and grow the Company. Please signify your agreement with the foregoing terms of your continued employment by returning to my attention the original of this Agreement. Sincerely, /s/ KARL F. KURZ Chairman of the Board cc: Melanie Kennedy, EVP and Chief Human Resources Officer I, Susan Hardwick, understand that my employment with American Water is "at will," which means that I am not guaranteed employment or any particular job for any specified period of time. The Company or I may terminate my employment at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause. /s/ M. SUSAN HARDWICK February 2, 2022 Signature Date