Exhibit 10.3 American Water - Confidential February 2, 2022 Ms. M. Susan Hardwick 14141 S. Penn Square Unit 37D Philadelphia, PA 19102 Dear Susan: On behalf of American Water Works Company, Inc. (the “Company”) and its Board of Directors, we are pleased to offer you the position of Chief Executive Officer and President, effective February 2, 2022. As Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, you shall have the authority to control the day-to-day operations of the Company and its corporate strategy subject to the Company’s Bylaws and Delegation of Authority and to the directors and decisions of the Company’s Board of Directors. You will also be elected to serve as a member of the Board of Directors, without additional compensation for such service. The following are the terms and conditions of your employment as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and President. Base Salary: You will receive a bi-weekly salary of $38,461.54, which when annualized, would be approximately $1,000,000, subject to applicable withholdings. The salary grade for your position will be 100. Your compensation will be reviewed annually based on your performance as assessed by the independent members of the Board of Directors. APP: You will continue to participate in the Company's Annual Performance Plan (APP). Your target award under the APP is 110% of your annual base salary, and for 2022 will not be prorated and will be based on your new salary and target levels. Under the terms of the APP, your actual award payout may be up to 200% of your target award and will be dependent on both (i) your individual performance which may result in an individual performance factor range of 0 to 200% of your target award and (ii) the application of the Company's Corporate Multiplier (which may range from 0 to 150%) to your individual award. The independent members of the Board of Directors will establish each performance year a set of mutually agreed upon APP goals and objectives for you as CEO and President. Your APP award for 2022 will be based on the level of progress towards achieving the goals and objectives that were agreed upon and approved by the independent members of the Board of Directors, as reflected in the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors at which they were approved. Your APP award target must be approved by the Executive Development and Compensation Committee, as well as the independent members of the Board. LTPP: You will continue to participate in American Water’s Long Term Performance Plan (LTPP). Your target payout under the LTPP is 400% of your annual
base salary. Your grant for 2022 will be based on your new target. For reference purposes, awards are currently granted in the following forms of equity in the Company: 30% in restricted stock units, 35% in performance stock units based on relative total shareholder return (TSR) ranking and 35% percent in performance stock units based on compounded adjusted EPS growth. LTPP awards are granted under the terms and conditions of the Company’s 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as it may be amended from time to time (the Plan), the LTPP program then in effect, and a grant document. Your LTPP awards must be approved by the Executive Development and Compensation Committee of the Board, as well as the independent members of the Board. In the event of any conflict between the terms of your offer letter and the terms of the Plan, the LTPP program then in effect and the grant document, the terms of those other documents will govern.