Table of Contents
FUNDING STRATEGY
Our principal funding objective is to maintain broad and well-diversified funding sources to allow us to finance our global businesses and to maintain a strong
liquidity profile. Our funding strategy and activities are integrated into our asset-liability management activities. We have in place a funding policy covering
American Express Company and all of our subsidiaries.
Our global proprietary card-issuing businesses generate significant assets in both domestic and international Card Member lending and receivable activities.
Our financing needs are in large part a consequence of our proprietary card-issuing businesses, where we generally pay merchants for card transactions prior to
reimbursement by Card Members and therefore fund the merchant payments during the period Card Member loans and receivables are outstanding. In addition,
we maintain a liquidity position to meet regulatory requirements and support our business activities.
We aim to satisfy these financing needs with a diverse set of funding sources. The diversity of funding sources by type of instrument, by tenor and by investor
base, among other factors, mitigates the impact of disruptions in any one type of instrument, tenor or investor. We seek to achieve diversity and cost efficiency
in our funding sources by maintaining scale and market relevance in deposits, unsecured debt and asset securitizations, and access to secured borrowing
facilities and a committed bank credit facility.
We expect the balance of our direct deposits to continue to grow. Our funding plan is primarily driven by the size and mix of business asset growth, our
liquidity position, and choice of funding sources, as well as cash requirements generated by the redemptions of deposits by our customers, the maturities of
debt outstanding and related interest payments. In executing our funding plan, we aim to maintain a balanced debt maturity profile with an appropriate mix of
short-term and long-term refinancing requirements.
FUNDING PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES
We had the following customer deposits and consolidated debt outstanding as of December 31:
TABLE 18: SUMMARY OF CUSTOMER DEPOSITS AND CONSOLIDATED DEBT
(Billions)
2022
2021
Customer deposits
$
110.2 
$
84.4 
Short-term borrowings
1.3 
2.2 
Long-term debt
42.6 
38.7 
Total customer deposits and debt
$
154.1 
$
125.3 
We may redeem from time to time certain debt securities prior to the original contractual maturity dates in accordance with the optional redemption provisions
of those debt securities.
Our funding plan for the full year 2023 includes, among other sources, approximately $6.0 billion to $10.0 billion of unsecured term debt issuance and
approximately $5.0 billion to $9.0 billion of secured term debt issuance. Actual funding activities can vary from our plans due to various factors, such as future
business growth, the impact of global economic, political and other events on market capacity and funding needs, demand for securities offered by us,
regulatory changes, ability to securitize and sell loans and receivables, and the performance of loans and receivables previously sold in securitization
transactions. Many of these factors are beyond our control.
Our equity capital and funding strategies are designed, among other things, to maintain appropriate and stable unsecured debt ratings from the major credit
rating agencies: Moody’s Investor Services (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Fitch Ratings (Fitch). Such ratings help support our access to cost-
effective unsecured funding as part of our overall funding strategy. Our asset securitization activities are rated separately.
64