(i) a lump sum, or (ii) substantially equal annual installments payable at the Participant’s election over a two-year to ten-year period specified by the Participant. For purposes of the Plan, a series of installment payments shall be treated as a single payment in accordance with the regulations under Section 409A of the Code. Once such election is made, neither the Participant nor the Employer may change the timing or form of distribution of a Participant’s Employer Contributions held in the Participant’s 409A Accounts. If a Participant fails to make a payment election, the Participant shall receive payment of Employer Contributions in a lump sum. 7.4 Hardship Distributions A Participant may receive a distribution from the Participant’s vested Accounts for hardship reasons, provided the Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency (as defined below). The Committee may request such evidence of a hardship as it deems necessary. All hardship distributions will be made in a lump sum within 90 days following the Participant’s hardship request; provided, however, that hardship distributions shall be paid from 409A Accounts prior to payment from Grandfathered Accounts. The following rules shall apply to a hardship distribution: (a) An “Unforeseeable Financial Emergency” is a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from: (i) a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the Participant or of a dependent of the Participant, (ii) loss of the Participant’s property due to casualty, or (iii) such other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. (b) The amount of hardship distribution on behalf of an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency will be reduced to the extent that it is or may be relieved: (i) through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, or (ii) by liquidation of the Participant’s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would
not itself cause severe financial hardship. (c) The determination of whether a Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency, and the amount of payment to which the Participant is entitled, shall be determined by the Committee based on all of the relevant facts and circumstances. If a Participant receives a hardship distribution from the Plan, then the Participant’s Employee Contributions shall be suspended for the remainder of the calendar year in which such distribution occurred. -18-