Table of Contents
BALANCE SHEET
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash and amounts due from banks, interest-bearing bank balances, including securities purchased under resale agreements,
restricted cash, and other highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. Restricted cash primarily represents amounts related to Card
Member credit balances as well as upcoming debt maturities of consolidated VIEs.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the acquisition cost of an acquired business over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We allocate
goodwill to our reporting units for the purpose of impairment testing. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment, or a business that is one level below
an operating segment, for which discrete financial information is regularly reviewed by the operating segment manager.
We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually as of June 30, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not
reduce the fair value of one or more of our reporting units below its carrying value. Prior to completing the assessment of goodwill for impairment, we also
perform a recoverability test of certain long-lived assets. We have the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill impairment to determine whether
it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Alternatively, we can perform a more detailed quantitative
assessment of goodwill impairment.
This qualitative assessment entails the evaluation of factors such as economic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial
performance of the reporting unit and other company and reporting unit-specific events. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we then perform the impairment evaluation using the quantitative assessment.
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount exceeds the
reporting unit's fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount over and above the reporting unit's fair value.
When measuring the fair value of our reporting units in the quantitative assessment, we use widely accepted valuation techniques, applying a combination of
the income approach (discounted cash flows) and market approach (market multiples). When preparing discounted cash flow models under the income
approach, we use internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows expected to be generated by the reporting units. To discount these cash flows, we use the
expected cost of equity, determined by using a capital asset pricing model. We believe the discount rates appropriately reflect the risks and uncertainties in the
financial markets generally and specifically in our internally-developed forecasts. When using market multiples under the market approach, we apply
comparable publicly traded companies’ multiples (e.g., earnings or revenues) to our reporting units’ operating results.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we performed a qualitative assessment in connection with our annual goodwill impairment evaluation and
determined that it was more likely than not that the fair values of each of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values. In addition, during the year ended
December 31, 2022, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for those reporting units which were impacted by the realignment of our
operating segments and concluded that their fair values exceeded their carrying values. Refer to Note 24 for further information on the realignment of our
operating segments.
Premises and Equipment
Premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Costs incurred during construction are
capitalized and are depreciated once an asset is placed in service. Depreciation is generally computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets, which range from 3 to 10 years for equipment, furniture and building improvements, and from 40 to 50 years for premises, which are
depreciated based upon their estimated useful life at the acquisition date.
Certain costs associated with the acquisition or development of internal-use software are also capitalized and recorded in Premises and equipment. Once the
specific software feature is ready for its intended use, these costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software’s estimated useful life, generally 5
years. We review these assets for impairment using the same impairment methodology used for our intangible assets.
101