186 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—(Continued) | December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
$775 million of the $2,074 million pretax Alto Maipo deconsolidation loss. Also included in this item is approximately $41 million of tax benefit
related to resulting tax over book outside basis difference in Alto Maipo, which is offset by $41 million of tax expense in the valuation allowance
line item. The (3)% Buffalo Gap impairments item relates to the amounts of impairment allocated to tax equity noncontrolling interest which are
nondeductible.
For 2020, the 15% taxes on foreign earnings item includes $20 million of tax benefit associated with the Company's equity investment in
Guacolda. Included in the 2020 (8)% U.S. investment tax credit is $35 million of benefit associated with the Na Pua Makani wind facility. Not
included in the 2020 effective tax rate is $75 million of income tax expense recorded to additional paid-in-capital related to the Company's sale of
35% of its ownership interest in the Southland Energy assets. See Note 17—Equity for details of the sale.
Income Tax Receivables and Payables — The current income taxes receivable and payable are included in Other current assets and
Accrued and other liabilities, respectively, on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The noncurrent income taxes receivable and
payable are included in Other noncurrent assets and Other noncurrent liabilities, respectively, on the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The following table summarizes the income taxes receivable and payable as of the periods indicated (in millions):
December 31,
2022
2021
Income taxes receivable—current
$
107 
$
184 
Income taxes receivable—noncurrent
69 
2 
Total income taxes receivable
$
176 
$
186 
Income taxes payable—current
$
104 
$
133 
Income taxes payable—noncurrent
— 
— 
Total income taxes payable
$
104 
$
133 
Deferred Income Taxes — Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of (a) temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes and (b) operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards. These items are stated at the enacted tax rates that are expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards for tax return purposes of approximately $1.4 billion,
of which approximately $30 million expire in 2036 and $1.37 billion carry forward indefinitely. The Company also had federal general business
tax credit carryforwards of approximately $70 million, of which $14 million expire in years 2023 to 2032 and $56 million expire in years 2035 to
2042. Additionally, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 of approximately $6.1 billion expiring
primarily in years 2023 to 2042. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $2.1
billion that expire at various times beginning in 2023 and some of which carry forward without expiration.
Valuation allowances increased $49 million during 2022 to $577 million at December 31, 2022. This net increase was primarily the result of
valuation allowance established at acquisition of a Brazilian subsidiary.
Valuation allowances decreased $106 million during 2021 to $528 million at December 31, 2021. This net decrease was primarily due to the
release of valuation allowance at one of our Brazilian subsidiaries.
The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets as shown below will be realized when future taxable
income is generated through the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences and income that is expected to be generated by businesses
that have long-term contracts or a history of generating taxable income.