2.13 Employee The term “Employee” means an individual who is employed by one of the Employers as a common-law employee. 2.14 Employee Contributions The term “Employee Contributions” means an Eligible Employee’s contributions to the Plan as described in subsections 4.1 through 4.3. 2.15 Employer The term “Employer” means the Company, a division of the Company, an Affiliate of the Company, or a division of a Company Affiliate that adopts the Plan with the permission of the Company. 2.16 Employer Contributions The term “Employer Contributions” means Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions, Employer Make-Up Pension Contributions, Employer Special Contributions, and Employer 10% Target Contributions as described in subsections 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, and 4.7 of the Plan. 2.17 Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions The term “Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions” means the contributions by the Employer described in subsection 4.4 of the Plan. 2.18 Employer Make-Up Pension Contributions The term “Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions” means the contributions by the Employer described in subsection 4.5 of the Plan. 2.19 Employer Special Contributions The term “Employer Special Contributions” means the contributions by the Employer described in subsection 4.6 of the Plan. 2.20 Employer 10% Target Contributions The term “Employer 10% Target Contributions” means the contributions by the Employer described in subsection 4.7 of the Plan. 2.21 ERISA The term “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. Reference to a specific section of ERISA shall include such section, any valid regulation promulgated thereunder, and any comparable provision of any future legislation amending, supplementing or superseding such section. -4-

2.22 Forfeitures The term “Forfeitures” means the amount by which a Participant’s Employer Make- Up Matching Contributions, Employer Make-Up Pension Contributions, Employer Special Contributions, and Employer 10% Target Contributions are reduced under subsections 5.1 or 5.2 of the Plan. 2.23 Grandfathered Accounts The term “Grandfathered Accounts” means Accounts that hold Employee Contributions, and applicable earnings or losses, that relate to services rendered to an Employer prior to January 1, 2005. 2.24 Investment Committee The term “Investment Committee” means the Investment Committee appointed to manage the investments, assets, and funding of executive retirement plans of the Company by resolution of the Company’s Board of Directors. 2.25 Investment Fund The term “Investment Fund” means an investment fund selected by the Investment Committee under subsection 6.1. 2.26 Participant The term “Participant” means an Eligible Employee who is participating in the Plan in accordance with subsection 3.2. By becoming a Participant, each Participant agrees to be bound by the provisions of the Plan and the determinations of the Company and the Committee hereunder. 2.27 Pension Plan The term “Pension Plan” means the Amcor Rigid Plastics Pension Plan. 2.28 Plan The term “Plan” means the Amcor Rigid Plastics Deferred Compensation Plan as set forth herein and as it may be amended from time to time. 2.29 Plan Year The term “Plan Year” means the calendar year. 2.30 Salary Deferral Contributions The term “Salary Deferral Contributions” means the contributions by an Eligible Employee described in subsection 4.2 of the Plan. -5-