73 | 2022 Annual Report
Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect us.
We operate in the U.S. and various non-U.S. jurisdictions and are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local
governments and of many non-U.S. jurisdictions. From time to time, legislative measures may be enacted that could adversely impact our overall
tax positions regarding income or other taxes, our effective tax rate or tax payments. For example, in the third quarter of 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act (the “IRA”) was signed into law in the United States. The IRA includes provisions that are expected to benefit the U.S. clean
energy industry, including increases, extensions and/or new tax credits for onshore and offshore wind, solar, storage and hydrogen projects. We
expect that the extension of the current solar investment tax credits ("ITCs"), as well as higher credits available for projects that satisfy wage and
apprenticeship requirements, will increase demand for our renewables products. In the U.S., the IRA includes a 15% corporate alternative
minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income. We are currently evaluating the applicability and effect of the new law and additional
guidance issued in the fourth quarter of 2022.
With respect to international tax reform, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the European Commission adopted an amended Directive on Pillar 2
establishing a global minimum tax at a 15% rate. The adoption requires EU Member States to transpose the Directive into their respective
national laws by December 31, 2023, for the rules to come into effect as of January 1, 2024. We will continue to monitor issuance of draft
legislation in Bulgaria and other relevant EU Member States. The Impact to the Company remains unknown but may be material.
Risks Related to our Indebtedness and Financial Condition
We have a significant amount of debt.
As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $23 billion of outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis. All outstanding
borrowings under The AES Corporation's revolving credit facility are unsecured. Most of the debt of The AES Corporation's subsidiaries,
however, is secured by substantially all of the assets of those subsidiaries. A substantial portion of cash flow from operations must be used to
make payments on our debt. Furthermore, since a significant percentage of our assets are used to secure this debt, this reduces the amount of
collateral available for future secured debt or credit support and reduces our flexibility in operating these secured assets. This level of
indebtedness and related security could have other consequences, including:
•
making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations;
•
increasing our vulnerability to general adverse industry and economic conditions, including adverse changes in foreign exchange rates,
interest rates and commodity prices;
•
reducing available cash flow to fund other corporate purposes and grow our business;
•
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry;
•
placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged; and
•
limiting, along with financial and other restrictive covenants relating to such indebtedness, our ability to borrow additional funds, pay
cash dividends or repurchase common stock.
The agreements governing our indebtedness, including the indebtedness of our subsidiaries, limit, but do not prohibit the incurrence of
additional indebtedness. If we were to become more leveraged, the risks described above would increase. Further, our actual cash requirements
may be greater than expected and our cash flows may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due. In that event, we
may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, raise equity or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms to refinance our debt as it becomes due.
In addition, our ability to refinance existing or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at that time. Any
refinancing of our debt could result in higher interest rates or more onerous covenants that restrict our business operations. See Note 11—Debt
included in Item 8.—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a schedule of our debt maturities.
The AES Corporation's ability to make payments on its outstanding indebtedness is dependent upon the receipt of
funds from our subsidiaries.
The AES Corporation is a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Almost all of The AES
Corporation's cash flow is generated by the operating activities of its subsidiaries. Therefore, The AES Corporation's ability to make payments on
its indebtedness and to fund its other obligations is dependent not only on the ability of its subsidiaries to generate cash, but also on the ability of
the subsidiaries to distribute cash to it in the form of dividends, fees, interest, tax sharing payments, loans or otherwise.Our subsidiaries face
various