Table of Contents
VALUATION TECHNIQUES USED IN THE FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
CARRIED AT OTHER THAN FAIR VALUE
For the financial assets and liabilities that are not required to be carried at fair value on a recurring basis (categorized in the valuation hierarchy table), we apply
the following valuation techniques to measure fair value:
Financial Assets For Which Carrying Values Equal Or Approximate Fair Value
Financial assets for which carrying values equal or approximate fair value include cash and cash equivalents, Card Member receivables, accrued interest and
certain other assets. For these assets, the carrying values approximate fair value because they are short term in duration, have no defined maturity or have a
market-based interest rate.
Financial Assets Carried At Other Than Fair Value
Card Member and Other loans, less reserves
Card Member and Other loans are recorded at historical cost, less reserves, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In estimating the fair value for our loans, we
use a discounted cash flow model. Due to the lack of a comparable whole loan sales market for similar loans and the lack of observable pricing inputs thereof,
we use various inputs to estimate fair value. Such inputs include projected income, discount rates and forecasted write-offs. The valuation does not include
economic value attributable to future receivables generated by the accounts associated with the loans.
Financial Liabilities For Which Carrying Values Equal Or Approximate Fair Value
Financial liabilities for which carrying values equal or approximate fair value include accrued interest, customer deposits (excluding certificates of deposit,
which are described further below), Travelers Cheques and other prepaid products outstanding, accounts payable, short-term borrowings and certain other
liabilities for which the carrying values approximate fair value because they are short term in duration, have no defined maturity or have a market-based
interest rate.
Financial Liabilities Carried At Other Than Fair Value
Certificates of Deposit
Certificates of deposit (CDs) are recorded at their historical issuance cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Fair value is estimated using a discounted cash
flow methodology based on the future cash flows and the discount rate that reflects the current market rates for similar types of CDs within similar markets.
Long-term Debt
Long-term debt is recorded at historical issuance cost on the Consolidated Balance Sheets adjusted for (i) unamortized discount and unamortized fees, (ii) the
impact of movements in exchange rates on foreign currency denominated debt and (iii) the impact of fair value hedge accounting on certain fixed-rate notes
that have been swapped to floating rate through the use of interest rate swaps. The fair value of our long-term debt is measured using quoted offer prices when
quoted market prices are available. If quoted market prices are not available, the fair value is determined by discounting the future cash flows of each
instrument at rates currently observed in publicly-traded debt markets for debt of similar terms and credit risk. For long-term debt, where there are no rates
currently observable in publicly traded debt markets of similar terms and comparable credit risk, we use market interest rates and adjust those rates for
necessary risks, including our own credit risk. In determining an appropriate spread to reflect our credit standing, we consider credit default swap spreads, bond
yields of other long-term debt offered by us, and interest rates currently offered to us for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities.
NONRECURRING FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
We have certain assets that are subject to measurement at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. For these assets, measurement at fair value in periods subsequent
to their initial recognition is applicable if they are determined to be impaired or where there are observable price changes for equity investments without readily
determinable fair values.
137