2.8 Company The term “Company” means Amcor Rigid Plastics USA, Inc. 2.9 Compensation The term “Compensation” for purposes of determining Salary Deferral Contributions means an Employee’s Compensation as defined in the Savings Plan for purposes of all plan contributions (other than Retirement Savings Contributions), but: (i) without the limitations imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Code (adjusted for cost of living increases), and (ii) excluding bonuses, performance incentives, or payments under the Amcor Management Incentive Plan. ‘Compensation’ for purposes of determining Employer Contributions shall be the same as Compensation for purposes of determining Salary Deferral Contributions but shall include amounts in item (ii) in the prior sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Employee is transferred to employment with an Affiliate but remains an Eligible Employee pursuant to subsection 2.12, then the Employee’s Compensation shall include only those amounts described above that are paid by an Employer after such transfer for purposes of calculating all contributions under the Plan. However, if the Employee is transferred to a non- U.S. Affiliate, then the Employee’s Compensation for purposes of Employer Contributions shall be the Employee’s notional salary and variable pay as determined by the Committee. 2.10 Disability With respect to a Participant’s Grandfathered Accounts, the term “Disability” means the Committee’s determination, in its sole discretion, that the Participant has incurred a disability. With respect to a Participant’s 409A Accounts, the term “Disability” means the Participant by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment, which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, either is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity or is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of at least 3 months
under an accident and health plan of an Employer. 2.11 Effective Date The term “Effective Date” means January 1, 2013. The term “Original Effective Date” means September 5, 2000. 2.12 Eligible Employee The term “Eligible Employee” means a highly compensated employee of an Employer as described in subsection 3.1 of the Plan; provided that an Eligible Employee includes: (i) only individuals who are on an Employer’s U.S. payroll, and (ii) only a member of a select group of highly compensated employees as defined in sections 201(2), 301(a)(3), and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. However, an Eligible Employee who is transferred to employment with an Affiliate either within or outside the United States shall remain an Eligible Employee for all Plan purposes to the extent so designated by the Committee. -3-