Table of Contents
1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
Revenue Recognition 
Most of the Company’s revenue is generated by delivery of products to customers and recognized at a point in time based on evaluation of when the customer obtains
control of the products. Revenue is recognized when all performance obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied and control of the product has been
transferred to the customer. If customer acceptance clauses are present and it cannot be objectively determined that control has been transferred, revenue is only recorded
when customer acceptance is received and all performance obligations have been satisfied. Sales of goods typically do not include multiple product and/or service
elements. Shipping and handling fees are treated as fulfillment costs and not as separate performance obligations under the terms of revenue contracts due to the
perfunctory nature of the shipping and handling obligations.
Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. Sales tax, value-added tax and other taxes are
collected concurrently with revenue-producing activities and excluded from revenue. Incidental contract costs that are not material in the context of the delivery of goods
and services are recognized as an expense.
At the time revenue is recognized, allowances are recorded with the related reduction to revenue for estimated product returns, allowances and price discounts based
upon historical experience and related terms of customer arrangements. Where product warranties are offered, liabilities are established for estimated warranty costs
based upon historical experience and specific warranty provisions. Warranty liabilities are adjusted when experience indicates the expected outcome will differ from
initial estimates of the liability. Product warranty liabilities were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
In addition, the Company has contractual arrangements with certain customers, mainly related to Telecommunications products and comprised of design, installation,
training and software maintenance services, in which revenue is recognized over time. The performance obligations under these contracts generally require services to be
performed over time, resulting in either a straight-line amortization method or an input method using incurred and forecasted expense to predict revenue recognition
patterns which follows satisfaction of the performance obligation. Corning’s other revenue was not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Contract Assets and Liabilities
Contract assets, such as incremental costs to obtain or fulfill contracts, are an insignificant component of Corning’s revenue recognition process. Most of Corning’s
fulfillment costs as a manufacturer of products are classified as inventory, fixed assets and intangible assets, which are accounted for under the respective guidance for
those asset types. Other fulfillment costs are immaterial due to the nature of the products and their respective manufacturing processes.
Contract liabilities include customer deposits, deferred revenue and other advanced payments. Customer deposits are primarily related to Display products and deferred
revenue is primarily related to HSG. Other advanced payments are not significant to operations and are recorded within other accrued liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheets.
Research and Development Costs
Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development costs totaled $0.9 billion, $0.8 billion and $1.0 billion for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
 
Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions
The determination of the functional currency for Corning’s foreign subsidiaries is made based on the appropriate economic factors. For most foreign operations, the local
currencies are generally considered to be the functional currencies. Corning’s most significant exception is a Taiwanese subsidiary, which uses the Japanese yen as its
functional currency. For all transactions denominated in a currency other than a subsidiary’s functional currency, foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses are
included in income for the period in which the exchange rates changed. A net foreign currency remeasurement gain of $130 million, gain of $126 million and loss of $37
million was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
64