Participant shall have an interest or right in the Participant’s Accounts only as provided under the Plan. -14-

SECTION 6 Funding and Investments 6.1 Trust Fund The Trust shall hold all assets of the Plan. The Trust shall consist of such investments or funds as the Investment Committee shall determine from time to time. Pending investment, reinvestment or distribution of assets, the Trustee may temporarily retain assets of any Investment Fund in cash, commercial paper, short-term obligations, or common or collective short-term investment funds. The Investment Committee may direct the Trustee to establish or terminate an Investment Fund as it shall from time to time consider appropriate. 6.2 Investment Fund Elections A Participant may elect to invest all or a portion of the Participant’s Account in one or more Investment Funds selected by the Investment Committee. A Participant also may elect to change or transfer the Participant’s Account balances to one or more other Investment Funds. All investment elections shall be made at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Investment Committee and shall be effective only at the Investment Committee’s discretion and as prescribed by the Investment Committee. A Participant will have the opportunity to make two separate investment elections: (i) one with respect to the Participant’s Employer Contributions, and (ii) one with respect to the Participant’s Employee Contributions. 6.3 Expenses The Investment Committee shall determine whether expenses incurred in administering the Plan shall be paid from the Trust or by the Employers in such proportions and allocations as the Investment Committee determines. -15-