attorneys’ fees) that occur by reason of, arise out of, or are incidental to the implementation or administration of the Plan. 9.7 Finality of Committee Determinations Determinations by the Committee or Investment Committees and any interpretation, rule, or administrative decision adopted by the Committee or Investment Committees shall be final and binding for all Plan purposes and upon all interested persons, their heirs, and their personal representatives. No action at law or in equity shall be brought to recover benefits under the Plan until the claim and review processes in this Section have been exercised and until the Plan benefits requested in such review have been denied in whole or in part. If any judicial proceeding is undertaken to appeal the denial of a claim or bring any other action under ERISA, other than a breach of fiduciary duty claim, the evidence presented shall be strictly limited to the evidence timely presented to the Committee. If the Committee denies a Participant’s appeal in whole or in part, and the Participant subsequently wishes to file a claim against the Plan, any such legal action must be brought within 120 days of the Committee’s final decision. Benefits will be paid only if the Committee decides a Participant or Beneficiary is entitled to them. 9.8 Governing Law To the extent this Plan is not preempted by ERISA, the Plan shall be governed by laws of the State of Delaware. -25-

SECTION 10 No Employment Rights No provisions of the Plan or any action taken by the Company, the Board of Directors, the Committee, or the Investment Committee shall give any person any right to be retained in the employ of any Employer, and the right and power of an Employer to dismiss or discharge any Participant is specifically reserved. -26-

SECTION 11 Change in Control 11.1 Amounts Held in Grandfathered Accounts In the event that the stock or substantially all the assets of an Employer, its subsidiary, or one of its divisions is sold, or if a majority of the beneficial ownership of an Employer, subsidiary, or one of its divisions alters (“Change in Control”), the Grandfathered Accounts of Participants affected by such sale shall become immediately due and payable unless a successor of the Employer assumes the liabilities and responsibilities relating to the affected Participants. 11.2 Amounts Held in 409A Accounts In the event that there is a change in ownership of the Employer, a change in effective control of the Employer, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Employer, as defined in Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder (collectively, a “Change in Control Event”), the 409A Accounts of Participants affected by such Change in Control Event shall become 100% vested and shall be immediately due and payable in a lump sum. -27-

SECTION 12 Amendment, Suspension, and Termination The Board of Directors, by resolution duly adopted, shall have the right to amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan at any time, provided that the Board may delegate all or a portion of such rights to the Committees or to any specified person or persons. No amendment, modification, or termination shall, without the consent of a Participant, reduce the Participant’s vested Account balance. In the event the Plan is terminated, the Committee shall continue to administer the Plan in accordance with the relevant provisions thereof. * * * IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this amended and restated Plan to be executed by a duly authorized member of the Committee as of this ____ day of _________________, 2013. AMCOR RIGID PLASTICS USA, INC. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEE ______________________________ DM_US 47411246-1.066066.0017 -28-