SECTION 3 Eligibility and Participation 3.1 Eligibility Each Plan Year, the Committee will determine those Employees who are Eligible Employees. Eligible Employee generally means an Employee of an Employer whose annualized base compensation and bonus is expected to exceed the limitations of Section 414(q) of the Code ($105,000, as adjusted from time to time) in the current year and who is considered part of key management personnel. An Employee may be an Eligible Employee to make Employee Contributions, to receive Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions, to receive Employer Make-Up Pension Contributions, to receive Employer Special Contributions, or to receive Employer 10% Target Contributions, as the Committee determines. 3.2 Participation An Eligible Employee who is selected as eligible to make Employee Contributions to the Plan shall commence participation in the Plan as of the later of the Eligible Employee’s designation as an Eligible Employee or the date an Eligible Employee elects to make Employee Contributions. An Eligible Employee may elect to make Employee Contributions to the Plan by filing an election with the Committee in accordance with Section 4. Once an Eligible Employee makes an election, the election remains in effect in accordance with Section 4. An Eligible Employee who is selected to receive Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions, Employer Make-Up Pension Contributions, Employer Special Contributions, and/or Employer 10% Target Contributions shall commence participation in the Plan as of the Eligible Employee’s designation as an Eligible Employee. The fact that a Participant is eligible to make Employee Contributions or to receive Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions, Employer Make-Up Pension Contributions, Employer Special Contributions, and/or Employer 10% Target Contributions (or a certain level of Employer Contributions) in one Plan Year does not
guarantee the Participant the right to make or receive such Employee Contributions or Employer Contributions (or level of Employer Contributions) in any other Plan Year. The Committee may terminate or suspend the participation of any Eligible Employee at any time. However, except as provided in subsections 5.1 and 5.2, a Participant’s suspension or termination from the Plan shall not reduce the Account balances of a Participant. An Eligible Employee shall cease to be a Participant when the Eligible Employee’s employment is terminated with all Employers and their Affiliates and the Eligible Employee’s vested Account balance is distributed to the Eligible Employee or the Eligible Employee’s Beneficiaries. -7-