104 | 2022 Annual Report
As a result of the bankruptcy filing, AES Puerto Rico and AES Ilumina’s non-recourse debt of $143 million and $27 million, respectively, continue
to be in technical default and are classified as current as of December 31, 2022. The Company is in compliance with its debt payment
obligations as of December 31, 2022.
On April 12, 2022, a mediation team was appointed to prepare the plan to resolve the PREPA Title III case and related proceedings. A
disclosure statement hearing was held on February 28, 2023; the PREPA disclosure statement was approved and mediation was extended
through April 28, 2023.
Considering the information available as of the filing date, management believes the carrying amount of our long-lived assets in Puerto Rico
of $96 million is recoverable as of December 31, 2022.
Decarbonization Initiatives
Our strategy involves shifting towards clean energy platforms, including renewable energy, energy storage, LNG, and modernized grids. It
is designed to position us for continued growth while reducing our carbon intensity and in support of our mission of accelerating the future of
energy, together. In February 2022, we announced our intent to exit coal generation by year-end 2025, subject to necessary approvals.
In addition, initiatives have been announced by regulators, including in Chile, Puerto Rico, Bulgaria and Hawaii, and offtakers in recent
years, with the intention of reducing GHG emissions generated by the energy industry. In parallel, the shift towards renewables has caused
certain customers to migrate to other low-carbon energy solutions and this trend may continue.
Although we cannot currently estimate the financial impact of these decarbonization initiatives, new legislative or regulatory programs
further restricting carbon emissions or other initiatives to voluntarily exit coal generation could require material capital expenditures, resulting in a
reduction of the estimated useful life of certain coal facilities, or have other material adverse effects on our financial results.
For further information about the risks associated with decarbonization initiatives, see Item 1A.—Risk Factors—Concerns about GHG
emissions and the potential risks associated with climate change have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact our
businesses included in this Form 10-K.
Regulatory
AES Maritza PPA Review — DG Comp is conducting a preliminary review of whether AES Maritza’s PPA with NEK is compliant with
the European Union's State Aid rules. No formal investigation has been launched by DG Comp to date. However, AES Maritza has been
engaging in discussions with the DG Comp case team and the Government of Bulgaria ("GoB") to attempt to reach a negotiated resolution of the
DG Comp’s review ("PPA Discussions"). The PPA Discussions are ongoing and the PPA continues to remain in place. However, there can be no
assurance that, in the context of the PPA Discussions, the other parties will not seek a prompt termination of the PPA.
We do not believe termination of the PPA is justified. Nevertheless, the PPA Discussions involve a range of potential outcomes, including
but not limited to the termination of the PPA and payment of some level of compensation to AES Maritza. Any negotiated resolution would be
subject to mutually acceptable terms, lender consent, and DG Comp approval. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of the PPA
Discussions or when those discussions will conclude. Nor can we predict how DG Comp might resolve its review if the PPA Discussions fail to
result in an agreement concerning the agency's review. AES Maritza believes that its PPA is legal and in compliance with all applicable laws, and
it will take all actions necessary to protect its interests, whether through negotiated agreement or otherwise. However, there can be no
assurance that this matter will be resolved favorably; if it is not, there could be a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition,
results of operation, and cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of our long-lived assets at Maritza is $427 million.
AES Ohio Distribution Rate Case — On December 14, 2022, the PUCO issued an order on AES Ohio’s application to increase its
base rates for electric distribution service to address, in part, increased costs of materials and labor and substantial investments to improve
distribution structures. Among other matters, the order establishes a revenue increase of $76 million for AES Ohio’s base rates for electric
distribution service. This increase will go into effect when AES Ohio has a new electric security plan in place, which is expected in 2023.
AES Ohio Electric Security Plan — On September 26, 2022, AES Ohio filed its latest Electric Security Plan (ESP 4) with the PUCO,
which is a comprehensive plan to enhance and upgrade its network and improve