5.2 Termination for Cause or Violation of Non-Compete Restrictions Notwithstanding any provisions in the Plan to the contrary, any Participant terminated for cause shall forfeit 100% of the Participant’s Accounts. A Participant is terminated for cause when, in the sole discretion of the Committee, such Participant is terminated as a result of: (i) fraud, misappropriation, or embezzlement of Employer funds or property, or (ii) the Participant’s intentional and material damage to the property of an Employer or an Affiliate. In addition, any Participant who works for, counsels, advises, or otherwise assists a person, entity or business that is a “competing business,” before or after the Participant’s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations, notices and other guidance thereunder, including death) from an Employer, shall forfeit 100% of the Participant’s Employer Contributions. If the Participant has already received a partial distribution of the Participant’s Employer Contributions when the Participant performs services for a competing business, or when the Employer learns that the Participant performed services for a competing business, the Participant shall forfeit 100% of any unpaid portion of the Participant’s Employer Contributions. For purposes of the Plan, a “competing business” is any person’s, firm, corporation, or entity engaged in, or conducting business which is the same as, or competing with, the business being conducted by the Company as determined in the Committee’s discretion. 5.3 Forfeitures All Forfeitures shall be used to reduce Employer Contributions for the current Plan Year or succeeding Plan Years, or shall be used to pay reasonable administrative expenses of the Plan. 5.4 Allocation of Employee Contributions and Employer Contributions The total amount, if any, of Salary Deferral Contributions, Bonus Contributions, Employer Make-Up Matching Contributions, Employer Make-Up
Pension Contributions, Employer Special Contributions, and Employer 10% Target Contributions for any Plan Year made on behalf of a Participant will be allocated to the Participant’s Accounts periodically as determined by the Committee. 5.5 Accounts The Employer shall establish and maintain one or more Accounts described in subsection 5.4 in the name of each Participant. Grandfathered Accounts will remain separate from 409A Accounts. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, Employer Contributions shall be held in 409A Accounts. Beginning in 2007, the Plan shall use class- year accounting, and contributions made by or on behalf of each Participant shall be held in separate subaccounts within the Participant’s 409A Accounts. Each Participant’s Accounts will be credited with earnings, losses, distributions and contributions as of each accounting date established by the Investment Committee. All amounts which are credited to a Participant’s Accounts shall be credited solely for purposes of accounting and computation and shall remain Employer assets subject to the claims of the Employer’s general creditors. A -13-

Participant shall have an interest or right in the Participant’s Accounts only as provided under the Plan. -14-