June 30, 2022
($ in millions)
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Assets
Commodity contracts
$
— 
$
6 
$
— 
$
6 
Forward exchange contracts
— 
7 
— 
7 
Total assets measured at fair value
$
— 
$
13 
$
— 
$
13 
Liabilities
Contingent purchase consideration liabilities
$
— 
$
— 
$
16 
$
16 
Commodity contracts
— 
3 
— 
3 
Forward exchange contracts
— 
17 
— 
17 
Interest rate swaps
— 
69 
— 
69 
Total liabilities measured at fair value
$
— 
$
89 
$
16 
$
105 
    The fair value of the commodity contracts was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the terms of the contracts and
observed market forward prices discounted at a currency specific rate. Forward exchange contract fair values were determined based on quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets using inputs such as currency rates and forward points. The fair value of the interest rate
swaps was determined using a discounted cash flow method based on market based swap yield curves, taking into account current interest rates.
    Contingent purchase consideration liabilities arise from business acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's contingent purchase
consideration liabilities consisted of a $9 million liability that is contingent on future royalty income generated by Discma AG, a subsidiary
acquired in March 2017, and a $6 million balance relating to consideration for small business acquisitions where payments are contingent on the
Company vacating a certain property or performance criteria. The fair value of the contingent purchase consideration liabilities was determined
for each arrangement individually. The fair value was determined using the income approach with significant inputs that are not observable in the
market. Key assumptions include the discount rates consistent with the level of risk of achievement and probability adjusted financial projections.
The expected outcomes are recorded at net present value, which requires adjustment over the life for changes in risks and probabilities. Changes
arising from modifications in forecasts related to contingent consideration are expected to be immaterial.
    The fair value of contingent purchase consideration liabilities is included in other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities in the
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.
Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
    In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company records assets and liabilities at fair value on
a nonrecurring basis. These nonrecurring fair value measurements are considered to be Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
    As further discussed in Note 4, "Held for Sale" during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, the Company met the criteria to recognize the
Russian business as held for sale which resulted in the Company remeasuring the disposal group at its fair value, less cost to sell, which is
considered a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Company completed the disposal of its Russian business in the second quarter of fiscal year
2023 and as of December 31, 2022, the Company's other assets and liabilities held for sale are immaterial. Refer to Note 4, "Held for Sale" for
further information.
    Following a commitment to sell non-core assets during the three and six months ended December 31, 2021, the
Company recorded an expense of $9 million, predominantly to adjust the long-lived assets to their fair value less cost to sell
as determined in reference to the selling price in the signed sale and purchase agreement. During the six months ended December 31, 2021, long-
lived assets with a carrying value of $12 million were written down to a fair value of zero as the Company's Durban, South Africa, manufacturing
facility was destroyed in a fire as the result of general civil unrest. In addition, other long-lived assets in South Africa, with a carrying amount of
$8 million, were written down to their estimated fair value of $4 million using level 3 inputs. These expenses are included within other income,
net in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income.
18