benefit as a result of a failure to satisfy Section 409A of the Code, shall be permitted at the Company or Committee’s discretion at any time to the extent provided in Treasury Regulations under Section 409A of the Code and IRS Notice 2005-1, Q&A-15, and any applicable subsequent guidance. “Employment taxes” shall include the Federal Income Contributions Act (FICA) tax imposed under Sections 3101 and 3121(v)(2) of the Code on compensation deferred under the Plan (the “FICA Amount”), the income tax imposed under Section 3401 of the Code on the FICA Amount, and any amounts utilized to pay the additional income tax under Section 3401 of the Code attributable to the pyramiding Section 3401 wages and taxes. If any applicable payment period begins in one Plan Year and ends in the following Plan Year, the Participant or the Participant’s Beneficiary (as the case may be) shall not have the right to designate the year of the payment. 7.8 Designation of Beneficiary A Participant may, by completing a Beneficiary designation form in accordance with procedures prescribed by the Committee, designate one or more primary and contingent Beneficiaries (which may include a trust or an estate) to receive the Participant’s Account balance following the Participant’s death and may designate the proportions in which such Beneficiaries receive payments. A Participant’s Beneficiary designation shall apply to all of his Accounts under the Plan. A Participant may change such designations from time to time, and the last designation filed prior to the Participant’s death shall control. If no Beneficiary designation form was filed by the Participant prior to the Participant’s death, the Participant’s remaining Account balance will be paid to the Participant’s estate. 7.9 Facility of Payment Any amounts payable under the Plan to a Participant or Beneficiary who is under a legal disability or who, in the judgment of the Committee, is unable to manage such person’s
affairs, may be paid to the legal representative of such person or may be applied for the benefit of such person in any manner the Committee shall select. 7.10 Unclaimed Benefits If a Participant or Beneficiary’s whereabouts are unknown to the Employer, and if the Participant or the Participant’s Beneficiary fails to claim the Participant’s benefits within two years following termination of the Participant’s employment, the Committee may elect to make payment of the Participant or Beneficiary’s vested benefits as if they had died. If the Employer is unable to locate the Participant or any Beneficiary within three years following the Participant’s employment termination, the Participant and all of the Participant’s designated Beneficiaries shall forfeit all benefits irrevocably. -20-

SECTION 8 Nature of Interest of Participant Participation in this Plan will not create, in favor of any Participant, any right or lien in or against any of the assets of any Employer, and a Participant’s Account balances shall remain an unrestricted asset of the Participant’s Employer. A Participant’s rights to benefits payable under the Plan are not subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or encumbrance. All payments hereunder shall be paid in cash from the general funds of the applicable Employer and no special or separate fund shall be established and no other segregation of assets shall be made to assure the payment of benefits hereunder. Nothing contained in this Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship, between any Employer and a Participant or any other person, and each Employer’s promise to pay benefits hereunder shall at all times remain unfunded as to the Participant. -21-