31 | 2022 Annual Report
Empresa Eléctrica Angamos is also promoting the advancement of green hydrogen technology for mass production through the Adelaida
project, which involves the installation of a low-scale green hydrogen production plant with a capacity of 1,000 kg/day of green hydrogen,
equivalent to 2.5 MW of power.
Colombia
Business Description — We operate in Colombia through AES Colombia, a subsidiary of AES Andes, which owns Chivor, a hydroelectric
plant with an installed capacity of 1,000 MW and Tunjita, a 20 MW run-of-river hydroelectric plant, both located approximately 160 km east of
Bogota, as well as the solar facilities of Castilla, Brisas, and San Fernando, 21 MW, 27 MW, and 61 MW respectively. AES Colombia’s installed
capacity accounted for approximately 6% of system capacity at the end of 2022. AES Colombia is dependent on hydrological conditions, which
influence generation and spot prices of non-contracted generation in Colombia.
AES Colombia's commercial strategy aims to execute contracts with commercial and industrial customers and bid in public tenders, mainly
with distribution companies, in order to reduce margin volatility with proper portfolio risk management. The remaining energy generated by our
portfolio is sold to the spot market, including ancillary services. Additionally, AES Colombia receives reliability payments for maintaining the
plant's availability and generating firm energy during periods of power scarcity, such as adverse hydrological conditions, in order to prevent
power shortages.
Key Financial Drivers — Hydrological conditions largely influence Chivor's power generation. Maintaining the appropriate contract level,
while maximizing revenue through the sale of excess generation, is key to AES Colombia's results of operations. In addition to hydrology,
financial results are driven by many factors, including, but not limited to:
•
forced outages;
•
fluctuations of the Colombian peso; and
•
spot market prices.
Regulatory Framework and Market Structure — Electricity supply in Colombia is concentrated in one main system, the SIN, which
encompasses one-third of Colombia's territory, providing electricity to 97% of the country's population. The SIN's installed capacity, primarily
hydroelectric (67%), other renewable (3%) and thermal (30%), totaled 18,771 MW as of December 31, 2022. The marked seasonal variations in
Colombia's hydrology result in price volatility in the short-term market. In 2022, 84% of total energy demand was supplied by hydroelectric
plants.
The electricity sector in Colombia operates under a competitive market framework for the generation and sale of electricity, and a regulated
framework for transmission and distribution of electricity. The distinct activities of the electricity sector are governed by Colombian laws and
CREG, the Colombian regulating entity for energy and gas. Other government entities have a role in the electricity industry, including the Ministry
of Mines and Energy, which defines the government's policy for the energy sector; the Public Utility Superintendency of Colombia, which is in
charge of overseeing utility companies; and the Mining and Energy Planning Unit, which is in charge of expansion planning of the generation and
transmission network.
The generation sector is organized on a competitive basis with companies selling their generation in the wholesale market at the short-term
price or under bilateral contracts with other participants, including distribution companies, generators and traders, and unregulated customers at
freely negotiated prices. The National Dispatch Center dispatches generators in merit order based on bid offers in order to ensure that demand
will be satisfied by the lowest cost combination of available generating units.
The expansion of the system is supported by two schemes: i) reliability charge auctions where firm energy commitments are focused on
conventional technology power plants, and ii) auctions of long-term energy contracts assigned for periods of 15 years aimed at non-conventional
renewable resources.
Environmental Regulation — Decree 1076 of 2015 established the current Environmental Licensing Scheme that defines the scope of the
National Environmental Licensing Authority ("ANLA") for granting environmental licenses. In recent years, the Ministry of the Environment has
generated regulations in connection with licenses, such as the biotic compensation methodology and guidance for presentation of environmental
studies in 2018, and the regulation of minor changes to environmental licenses in 2022. AES Colombia has obtained environmental licenses for
406 MW of wind projects included in its development pipeline.
Development Strategy — AES Colombia is committed to supporting its customers to diversify their energy supply and become more
competitive. As part of this commitment, AES Colombia is developing a pipeline of 1.3