June 30, 2022
($ in millions)
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Assets
Commodity contracts
$
— 
$
6 
$
— 
$
6 
Forward exchange contracts
— 
7 
— 
7 
Total assets measured at fair value
$
— 
$
13 
$
— 
$
13 
Liabilities
Contingent purchase consideration liabilities
$
— 
$
— 
$
16 
$
16 
Commodity contracts
— 
3 
— 
3 
Forward exchange contracts
— 
17 
— 
17 
Interest rate swaps
— 
69 
— 
69 
Total liabilities measured at fair value
$
— 
$
89 
$
16 
$
105 
    The fair value of the commodity contracts was determined using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the terms of the contracts and
observed market forward prices discounted at a currency specific rate. Forward exchange contract fair values were determined based on quoted
prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets using inputs such as currency rates and forward points. The fair value of the interest rate
swaps was determined using a discounted cash flow method based on market-based swap yield curves, taking into account current interest rates.
    Contingent purchase consideration liabilities arise from business acquisitions and other investments. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has
contingent purchase consideration liabilities of $46 million, mainly consisting of $33 million of contingent consideration relating to current
period acquisitions (refer to Note 5, "Acquisitions and Divestitures") and a $10 million liability that is contingent on future royalty income
generated by Discma AG, a subsidiary acquired in March 2017. The fair value of the contingent purchase consideration liabilities was determined
for each arrangement individually. The fair value was determined using an income approach with significant inputs that are not observable in the
market. Key assumptions include the selection of discount rates consistent with the level of risk of achievement and probability adjusted financial
projections. The expected outcomes are recorded at net present value, which require adjustment over the life for changes in risks and
probabilities. Changes arising from modifications in forecasts related to contingent consideration are expected to be immaterial.
    The fair value of contingent purchase consideration liabilities is included in other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets. The change in fair value of the contingent purchase consideration liabilities, which was included in other income,
net is due to the passage of time and changes in the probability of achievement used to develop the estimate.
    The following table sets forth a summary of changes in the value of the Company's Level 3 financial liabilities:
 
June 30,
($ in millions)
2023
2022
Fair value at the beginning of the year
$
16 
$
18 
Additions due to acquisitions
33 
— 
Change in fair value of Level 3 liabilities
(2)
— 
Payments
— 
(1)
Foreign currency translation
(1)
(1)
Fair value at the end of the year
$
46 
$
16 
Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
    In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company records certain assets at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis, generally when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable, or when they are
deemed to be other than temporarily impaired. These assets include goodwill and other intangible assets, equity method and other investments,
long-lived assets and disposal groups held for sale, and other long-lived assets. The fair values of these assets are determined, when applicable,
based on valuation techniques using the best information
75