2.31 Savings Plan The term “Savings Plan” means the Amcor Rigid Plastics Savings and Investment Plan. 2.32 Savings Plan Employer Discretionary Matching Contributions The term “Savings Plan Employer Discretionary Matching Contributions” means the employer discretionary matching contributions (as defined in the Savings Plan) made under the Savings Plan on behalf of each Employee eligible for such contribution. 2.33 Savings Plan New Employer Matching Contributions The term “Savings Plan New Employer Matching Contributions” means the new employer matching contributions (as defined in the Savings Plan) made under the Savings Plan on behalf of each Employee eligible for such contribution. 2.34 Savings Plan Retirement Savings Contributions The term “Savings Plan Retirement Savings Contributions” means the retirement savings contributions (as defined in the Savings Plan) made under the Savings Plan on behalf of each Employee eligible for such contribution. 2.35 Trust The term “Trust” means any trust agreement established between the Company and the Trustee which implements and forms a part of the Plan. If plan contributions and benefits are held and invested in a Trust, then such contributions and benefits are subject to the terms of the Trust. 2.36 Trustee The term “Trustee” means the trustee appointed under the Trust from time to time. 2.37 409A Accounts The term “409A Accounts” means Accounts that hold Employee Contributions and Employer Contributions, and applicable earnings or losses, that relate to services rendered to the Employer on and after January 1, 2005. -6-